fix: add the missing part of kong gateway vault's secrets versioning description (#6551)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/gateway/kong-enterprise/secrets-management/backends/aws-sm.md

{vault://aws/secret-name/snip}
```

> Moreover, for an AWS Secrets Manager secret that has multiple versions, accessing the current version(labeled as `AWSCURRENT`) of the secret or the previous version(labeled as`AWSPREVIOUS`) of the secret will be like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have an AWS Secrets Manager secret with multiple versions, you can access the current version or any previous version of the secret by specifying a version in the reference. 

In the following example, `AWSCURRENT` refers to the latest secret version and `AWSPREVIOUS` refers to an older version:
```

```bash
# For AWSCURRENT, not specifying version
{vault://aws/secret-name/foo}

> # For AWSCURRENT, specifying version == 2

Reviewer: Should this be "AWSPREVIOUS"?

Author: Nice catch!!

Author: Fixed!
